Feedback for A01
Things Done Well
Some good requirements identified, explained well, and covering most (but not all, e.g. angled walls) of the
rovers necessary reqs. Remember that requirements don't need to be quantified, and this comes at the stage
when you are determing your design criteria.
Some really useful diagrams in the concept generation section.
Good design criteria, breaking up each criterion into a sub-section. It is unnecessary to show your DC tables
from both milestones in this report. This is a final report, and so the DC table you show should be the final
table. If you wish to discuss the iterative process of your DC table, the prior iterations should be in the
appendix, not the main body.
Good tests described in the testing sections. It is unnecessary to include that detailed results, a summary
would suﬃce with the detailed results in the appendix.
Some insightful recommendations are made based on your evaluation and performance.
Things to be Improved
Margins have clearly been changed to fit the report within the page limit. Instead of doing this, consider what
you should remove to make your report more clear and concise. If you can't fit your report within the limit, this
means you have written too much.
Exec summary is too long. This should be a summary that very succinctly gives an overview of your report.
Scope should be in its own section rather than within the introduction.
Your requirements analysis is not the time to suggest concepts for your rovers sub-systems, this should
occur within the concept generation section.
Concept 4 description is confusing - why is there two arduino boards? And what are the extra materials that
cause it to exceed the budget?
Good job at relating back your concepts to your reqs, however, it is unclear where some of the values in the
table came from. E.g., why does concept 2 have an rpm that is twice as high as all the others? Where did you
obtain the very specific torque values from? Also an explanation of what the yellow numbers mean is also
necessary (also don't use yellow font with a white background).
DC table does not provide good ranges of acceptable values. E.g., the deviation in a straight line is 1-2cm, but
how long is it driving for until it deviates these distances? It is unnecessary for the sonar to have a 4m range,
as this exceeds the longest possible distance it would have to travel in the maze. What does obstacle
detection: 90deg right turn mean? Etc.
It is diﬃcult to obtain a clear idea of how your rover fits together physically from your descriptions - consider
use of a figure, and breaking up your explanation into describing key sub-systems.
Description of how the code worked is also diﬃcult to follow. Rather than explaining what each function did,
explain the maze solving concept that was employed. Flowcharts can be very useful at doing this succinctly
and clearly.